BERNARD WARS
Carta Sanguigna — A NFT based, idle-RPG on Cardano.
Bernard Boys Mafia™ (bernardboys.io) is a NFT project; founded by four individuals, who shared a common interest with Cardano, the future of blockchain technology and use-cases for non-fungible tokens. The artwork was inspired by our Founder’s late St. Bernard and is honored throughout several of our policy ID’s. Coincidentally, this inspiration is also what formed the basis for the lore behind Bernard Wars and its community-focused ecosystem.
Bernard Wars is a game being built on the Cardano blockchain to be utilized by NFT projects to battle for supremacy as they fight each other to control the leaderboards and reap the greatest benefits in the Bernard universe. It will be built utilizing the latest user interface technologies along with the best-in-class hosting and data storage technologies to keep the game quick, responsive and safe.

North Star
Ultimately, our ecosystem is built to where every asset and token can be transacted and traded on-chain. A white label of our products will be made available for our Partners to use and exchange for the rewards. Rewards are earned through a gamified approach on non-custodial staking with the required assets. E.g., Mafia Missions, Player vs Player (PVP) Raids, Demolition, Etc. In addition, Partners will be able to stake their own assets (non-Bernard NFTs), as well as offer and earn their native token. Lastly, for any non-Partners interested in our ecosystem, we will be providing sign-up applications at a later date from our initial release.
In reference to all that were mentioned above; it’s a given that we will not achieve perfection overnight. However, with a sound plan combined with highly ambitious people, we will undoubtedly reach our goals.

Game Components
To understand the game components, we first need to explore the various elements that make up our ecosystem and their suggested purpose. Secondly, we will outline the tokenomics in detail. Finally, we will lay and outline the framework. DISCLAIMER: This is an iterative development process. This means that plans may or may not change as the system evolves. This white paper will serve as an originating source for reference and continued direction.

Analytics Dashboard & Flex Studio
The dashboard can be used to view, filter, sort and drill into your collection. A gif of your collection can be generated here with options for size and speed. Statistics about your collection, additional filters and rewards will be added with Staking Missions and Missions.

Staking Missions
Staking Missions will allow BERNARD BOYS MAFIA and Omertà pass NFT holders to earn staking rewards by utilizing their NFTs and Partner project NFTs to form Crews which also earn rewards for in-game use.
Family Role holders will earn additional rewards from Partner projects. Rewards generated from here will be able to be used in-game to complete Missions as well as possible SWAG related uses down the road.

Speakeasy
The Speakeasy will be hub for information and leaderboards. Public profiles can be curated by accounts to display dominance and earn massive rewards for winning Staking Missions as well as other in-game competitions. A global chat will exist here where users can interact with users to connect with the community or collaborate on strategy.

IRL Missions
This area will host events and Missions for completing Missions linked to social media and IRL challenges which can be completed periodically to win rewards and compete against other families for bragging rights and the best rewards.

The Vault
The Vault will be a place to view all your in-game and wallet assets. You will also be able to utilize your earnings to send assets to your wallet and load assets from your wallet. Certain coin-based assets loaded from your wallet, may threaten a chance to be raided if a Mansion Guard has not been used. Interactions with the chain will be desktop first due to compromises needed for delivery, but this is the exception and not the rule.

Pawn Shop
In-game coin exchange for select pairs at set rates. In-game artifacts like shields, vehicle parts, weapons, defenses, bling, etc., will also be made available for exchange here for various in-game coins.
Dust exchange for $NARD

Dispensary
This will be a place where you can get WL spots for projects Partnering with Bernard Boys. Generally, we ask a project to buy some coins or NFTs to give away on their server to promote BERNARD BOYS MAFIA, and we’ll promote your project and WL giveaway as an added benefit to our holders as well. Winners and claim process will be hands off and automated. Future plans include NFT and coin support.

Families
Families will able to be created and minted with a standard set of properties which can be utilized by other games or ownership transferred. The discord account linked to the wallet which holds the family crest NFT is the boss. The boss will be able to maintain a list of officers with varying perMissions to help manage the family as well as set public (anyone can join), private (someone must be invited) and the family profile details. Families will compete in events, claim cities for territory to earn top rewards.

Alpha Dogs
Alpha Dogs will be player characters which can be bred by collecting breeding shards. There will be a baseline set of Alpha Dogs which can be used to get basic items completed in the game which are relatively easy to earn. Each dog will have a breed which will be specialized towards fighting NPCs, gathering and delivering items, gaining XP, PVP, etc.
Each Alpha Dog bred in-game will have a serial number and pedigree with a limited supply, but otherwise will be identical to the other characters with the same Breed and Name.

Breeding Shards & Breeding Dust
Breeding shards can be earned through completing Missions and other in-game challenges. E.g., Events, Staking Missions, Etc. The shard will be specific to the Alpha Dog it’s a part of. If said Alpha Dog is maxed, the account will be credited with Breeding Dust which can be exchanged for Breeding Shards for any Alpha Dog you choose.

Vehicles
Vehicles will have a few different classes. One will be for transport; one will be for speed, and one will be for safety. Each one will have different armaments and firing patterns which can be used in PVP, raiding, and resource gathering. Vehicles will have special abilities which will suit them for tasks. Vehicles require parts to be built which can be won with Missions and Staking Missions.

Mansion
Each account will be able to construct a mansion in the cities they can travel to. Inside here, there will be various operations, rooms and decorations which can be built and upgraded to buff Alpha Dogs, vehicles as well as upgrade and level the mansion itself.

Mansion Guards
Mansion Guards must be hired in certain hourly increments to keep your mansion from being attacked. While your guards are present, your mansion cannot be attacked. However, if you initiate an attack against another player’s vehicle or mansion, your guards will get scared and leave, leaving your mansion open to attack. Mansions will be able to be outfitted with various automated security systems, but, once defeated, your mansion is open to plunder, and your enemies will start loading their trucks with your loot.

Garage
The garage is an extension of the mansion and is important because of how many slots the garage holds. This is the number of vehicles you will be able to send on Missions, resource gathering, and PVP at a single time. The garage starts out with two open bays and any vehicle in your inventory can be added to an open bay or swapped with an existing vehicle. If a vehicle has been damaged or destroyed, it must be repaired and occupies a garage bay while under repair.

Cities
Cities relate to routes on a map. Traveling to cities requires $bones to enter and a vehicle with enough range to reach the city and takes travel time. Some vehicles are faster than others. When on a route, your vehicle is safe but, while in the city, your vehicle can be attacked by others. Cities will have resources to gather and deliver as well as places for your mansion with rewards for Families controlling the most cities.

Event Arcs
Event arcs will be a series of Missions, events and game artifacts (coins, screens, weapons) which will contain a centralized theme. New mansion rooms, Alpha Dogs, breeds, cities, etc., will be themed around a movie or season from our favorite gangster movies and shows. They will be adult themed but include only 13-and-up safe content. The community will take part in shaping these event arcs from helping to pick the subject to suggesting names and providing content. Previews, early sneak peaks and approvals will be held by our alpha group of Omertà holders.

Tokens
The project will foster liquidity and real-world use for one token within the gaming ecosystem: $NARD. However, the Staking Missions, Missions, gameplay and unforeseen on-chain uses (tip bots for example) will have a wide array of tokens with various in-game utility.
Any token and policy not listed here will not have a specific supply or distribution as its intent is in-game only rewards, but we want to make all in-game assets tradable when possible, so, there will be a wide array of policy IDs associated with the game and will be able to be inspected.

$NARD
Purposes:
Used to unlock project level rewards for other NFT projects.
Able to be used instead of speed ups, materials or other tokens or buffs in the game.
Used to get powerful items from The Pawn Shop
Able to be used to mint collections.
Supply: 5,000,000,000

$SHINE
Purposes:
Used primarily to build items or upgrade items in game.
Needed in game to build items for your mansion.
Earned through Staking Missions, Missions and in game challenges and quests.
Not a protected resource and can be raided by other players.
Supply: 500,000,000,000

$OSSA
Purposes:
Easy to earn coin but is needed to start playing the game.
Needed to do things in the game, like gas or energy.
Able to be won or lost in raids.
Be made available and registered in tip bots.
Supply: 500,000,000,000,000

Distribution
Spend of tokens in game returns the tokens to the project wallet for redistribution as rewards to keep the ecosystem self-sustaining. A large portion of the bank for $SHINE and $OSSA will be utilized for game rewards to ensure adequate rewards can be allocated.
Distribution of the tokens will be as follows: Team will be distributed their share of $NARD slowly, over time as to reduce the risk of price volatility and ensure long term success. Five years to fully distribute.

Token Distribution Chart

Schedule of Token Distribution
Air drops won’t be completed at once. Game items include the ability to purchase packs and chests with $NARD and other items and all other aspects except Staking Missions.

Philosophy & Process
Mobile first. The game, staking components and other game elements will be mobile first. This means we will target mobile form factors first, and then we will adapt it for the PC. There are some issues with wallets and the mobile eXPeriences, so, there will be a need to be compromises early on, but we will push in later versions to help eXPand and improve Cardano mobile technology.

Iterative Development
Again, this document is a forward looking to set the vision for the product. Development resources are limited at the time of this paper, and it will take time to realize this vision. However, iterative development allows us to consistently prioritize and deliver the most valuable items as set by the community while remaining true to our vision and north star.
Staking Missions will be our priority and will be our sole focus. Once this has been released, we will focus on a few Flex Studio items while we polish the UI and fix issues with the Staking Missions. In the background, a new release plan will be developed to deliver a new feature to the ecosystem. Then, the same process will repeat until the game is complete.
This timeline is long and depends on many external factors, and, as such, has a high amount of risk associated with all new endeavors. This paper is not a promise to deliver functionality. Please check our Discord or web site for the current delivery plans and set eXPectations accordingly.

Mission
Our mission is to promote $ADA and Cardano NFTs through art and development of a NFT based game ecosystem which is fun and safe. We believe art and gaming are perfect fits for the modern world of digital ownership and work to promote this fact and empower game players to take control of their assets. We contribute to the development and thought leadership in the space with open-source tools and architectures for developers and projects. We enable other projects to make use of our tools for their users so they may have more enjoyment out of their collections.
Make no mistake Bernard Boys Mafia is an art project first. We provide top notch entertainment and gaming for our holders of today, but we also believe the long-term resale (hundreds of years) and utility is stored in the art. As such, we make NFTs which can be proudly displayed, shared and admired by diverse groups across the globe within the Mafia Universe. Best in class profile NFTs will always be our bread-and-butter.
If you are a skilled Technologist, are proficient in business, and/or a result driven Marketer then please reach out to us directly on Discord or Twitter.
